PayMart UG Website Info
Tips
1.	Start receiving payments & donations in less than 10min
2.	No annoying paper work
3.	Pay for you utilities easy, cheap and fast (I think we need to add logos of Cos.)
4.	Our plugin/platform is 100 to use.
5.	Competitive charges per transaction 3.5%
6.	Withdraw money anytime any day to any platform. (Bank or mobile money)
7.	Its fast, simple and secure
8.	We accept Momo payments, Visa Cards and MasterCards.
9.	Our platform integrated with some of popular website platforms out there including WordPress
10.	Available ticket support 24/7 365 
11.	Proudly Ugandan, By Ugandans in Uganda


PayMart UG LOGO


Website Domain: www.paymart.ug
Slogan
Get your business going


Website Home page

An online payments gateway platform built to get you and your business going

Built just to simplify your ecommerce business

Receive online payments from around the world any time and anywhere.

Signup for FREE, start receiving payments in 10mins

Companys that trust our platform [MTN Uganda, Airtel Uganda, Digital Blend, Gagawala etc etc]
All payments are secured (https, PC I compliance etc)

Receive donations easily and secure

All your history 
From the very stary, we keep all your payments and transcations history.

Testimonials (of people that have tested our platform. This can be within the 1week of testing)



About US

Brief:

We are a duly registered company in Uganda with a both physical and remote 24hr open working office environment.

PayMart UG is here to offer a seamless yet an easy and secure way individuals, small scale and medium size enterprises can receive payments and transact on line. We are working with a great deal of partners both directly and indirectly to bring you a simple way to process online payments. We are PCI complaint, currently operating in Uganda and proudly brought you by Ugandans.

We are a team of young, passionate and energetic Ugandans with big aspirations to bring change and empower individuals and businesses in our society through technology.

Being a growing team with a strong technological background, ethics, passion and integrity, we pride ourselves in being the change we want to see and through building tools that empower and enable businesses, we are assured we will see this come true.

Our works have appeared and been mentioned is popular news and technological channels such a WordPress, WordCamp, WordPressTV, WooCommerce, NewYork Magazine, One Young World (please include others) etc

Our goal is to see that every Uganda has an easy and efficient way to receive and make online payments in both urban and rural areas seamlessly.

Vision:
To be the leading mobile and online payments provider in UGANDA.

Mission:
To empower as many individuals, startups and small medium enterprises as possible and becoming the market leader of fast, secure and reliable payments in UGANDA


Download
This section will have all PayMartUG resources for download.
Like: Plugins, documentation among others

Support

We offer both phone and ticket (email) support. Kindly using any of the contant details below.

Pay Mart UG
P.O Box 36869 Kampala
Plot: 116, Namugongo, UGANDA


Email contact
General Inquiries: ask@paymart.ug
Merchants: funds@paymart.ug
Technical inquires: support@paymart.ug


Mobile Contact.
Opt #1 General support (MTN and Airtel line)
Opt #2 Technical support (MTN and Airtel line)




Pricing
Our pricing is very simple. We don’t charge you until you make a transaction.

Pay IN Transactions (Receive money)
Momo payments we charge 3.5 per transaction
NO minimum pay in  and NO maximum pay in ie (You’re not restricted on how much you can receive)
SMS notifications, we share 50 UGX

Payout Transactions (Withdraw money)
Min payout is 1000 UGX
Max daily payout is 1,000,000 UGX

We don’t Charge on Withdraws any platform.

PS: We may use high quality visuals to portray the messages. (Tables, images, videos ect)



SignUP

Sign up requirements.
Signing up with PayMartUG has been made simple and first. Takes less than 10mins

For Individuals
Head over to www.app.ugmart.ug
Fill in your personal details, username and password
A follow up email will be sent to request for you identification (National ID, Passport or Driving licence)
But even before, your account will be activated instantly and start transacting.

For Businesses
To sign up, visit www.app.ugmart.ug
Register and fill in the business details.
A follow up email will be sent to request for your business registration details
But even before, your account be activated instantly and start transacting.

Integrating your website, app with PayMart
To intergrate PayMart into your website, it takes 3 simple steps.

1_	Log into you website backend
2_	If on WordPress, install and activate the woopaymartug wordpress plugin for business and for donations, please install and activate the woopaymart donate plugin. (if not on WordPress, please follow this tutorial)
3_	Go to the both plugin settings pages, and fill in your individual/business details got from www.app.umart.ug

Or Simply follow this tutorial. (Post or video link)



FAQ


1.	How do I register
Simply go to app.ugmart.ug and sign up. You’ll get app login details that you’ll fill into your website (plugin settings) dashboard. This process takes less than 10 mins and is instant.

2.	What are your charges on receiving money
For momo payments, we charge 3.5% per transcation. For card payments……??

3.	What are your charges on withdrawing money
We don’t change any money when withdrawing
4.	Can I pay for utilities using my UGmart balance
Yes, you simply login to your upmart merchant account. www.app.ugmart.ug

5.	Do you offer free support
Yes, both via phone and ticket.

6.	What documents are needed for small being to start receiving funds using your platform?
For an individual, we only need a scanner copy of (original) your National ID, Password copy or Driving license.

7.	Which website platforms do you support?
At the moment, we only support WordPress and or Woocommerce enabled websites.

8.	Can I use my WordPress Website to receive funds
Yes. We have also built a seamless plugin just for this. Very power and works like charm.

9.	Can I receive donations for my cause or for our church?
Yes.

10.	Which payment methods do you support?
We accept mobile money payments and card payments. (Visa and Master card)

11.	Are your services FREE
Yes, using our platform is free of charge. We only levy you once you make any transcation.

12.	How different are you from your competitors?
13.	What does momo mean?
Mobile Money alias MoMo

14.	Does my client have to register with UGMart
No, your client simply has to pay using there credit/debit card or mobile money

15.	How long does it take to get receive or withdraw my money.
All momo transcations are instant. For bank transfers, it will take minimum 3business days money to reflect on you account.

16.	Why should I trust using your services
We are a legally operating business with physical address registered un the Uganda company act.. Also all your transactions are safe and secure with our PCI compliance certification.

17.	What kind of persons /business can use your platform
Both individuals, businesses and charities are welcome.

18.	What currencies do you support
At the moment, we only suppoer Uganda shillings. But your client can pay in any currency they wish like.

19.	Can I pay bills and utilities?
Yes, you can literally pay for any utilites and bills using our plaftroms. (Water, Yaka, Tax, Statelite TV etc)

PS: This section may be presented using an accordian from.

I look at our website being very minimalistic but with a great user experience and a strong brand identify.





Blog 
(For latest news, featured articles and media appearances)


Footer area: 
•	Sign to our newsletter (Optin Box) , 
•	Terms of use 
•	Privacy
•	Social platforms
•	2019 Copyright PayMart UG
